# AnimalShelterService
CRUD Python module integrated with MongoDB database and user dashboard

Clay Dodson

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
In order to write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable, it is most important to use code that is portable and can be used in a variety of situations. It's also important to use README files to explain the details behind the project, and comment the code well so that it can be used by others and yourself in the future as it's easy to forget how code was used unless it's explained in comments or a README file. The CRUD Python module created in this course could hypthetically be used for adding CRUD functionality to almost any database. You would need to adjust the variable names to match your project but, on the whole, the CRUD module is rather adaptable and portable to other databases.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
When approaching a problem as a computer scientist, it is always best to first outline the user's needs and requirements for the project/problem. This way you can focus on approaching the problem from the client's perspective. Next, it's necessary to design the system then plan out each step of the project and what will be involved at each interval. In this manner, you'll stay on track to completing the project on time. Unfortunately, I did not manage my time well this term for various personal reasons and underestimated how much work would be involved in the final project. In the future, I will do a better job planning and making adjustments if there are roadblocks that stall my progress.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientist analyze and solve problems related to software and computer functionality. This matters because a lot of our modern infastructure and society is dependent on well-functioning computer software. The better that software functions, the better we can all do our jobs since most jobs are heavily dependent on technology. For example, with the Grazioso Salvare project, using a CRUD module and Dash framework to execute queries on the company's database of information and display this data in an easy-to-read manner to the user helps the company's employees to work more efficiently by allowing them easier access to data needed to make business decisions.
